Type Today LLC

END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT

Web License

This End user license agreement (the "Agreement") is a binding contract between you as a natural person or legal entity (hereinafter - "You") and Type Today LLC (hereinafter - "Type Today" or company "Type Today"). By purchasing and / or installing Fonts, you hereby agree to comply with conditions of the Agreement.

PLEASE READ THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT BEFORE DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING OR OTHERWISE OBTAINING ACCESS TO OR USE OF FONT PROVIDED BY TYPE TODAY. FONTS ARE PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT LAW, AND BY THIS AGREEMENT, YOU ARE LICENSED TO USE THE FONTS, WITHOUT THE RIGHT TO FURTHER SALE OF TRANSFER TO THIRD PARTIES, BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING OR OTHERWISE USING THE FONTS. BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT MAY CAUSE LIABILITY ACCORDING TO LEGISLATION. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THE FACT THAT YOU READ THIS AGREEMENT, YOU UNDERSTOOD ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOU ACCEPT THEM AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THEM. IF YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF THE LEGAL ENTITY, ACTING AS AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF SUCH LEGAL ENTITY, YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE THE RIGHT AND AUTHORITY, ALLOWING YOU TO BIND SUCH ENTITY WITH THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, AND REFERENCES TO ''END USER'' IN THIS AGREEMENT ARE RELATED TO YOU AS A NATURAL PERSON, AS WELL AS TO THE LEGAL ENTITY, ON BEHALF OF WHICH YOU ENTER THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT INTEND TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, YOU SHOULD CLICK ON THE "I DO NOT ACCEPT THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT» (I DO NOT ACCEPT) OR ANY OTHER SIMILAR BUTTON, INTERRUPT THE DOWNLOADING AND/OR INSTALLING PROCESS AND IMMEDIATELY CEASE AND DESIST THE ATTEMPTS TO USE THE FONTS, AND DELETE ALL AVAILABLE COPIES OF THE FONTS. THIS AGREEMENT, TOGETHER WITH ANY ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTS OR CONDITIONS INCLUDED THEREIN BY REFERENCE IS ENTIRE AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE USER AND TYPE TODAY IN RELATION TO THE FONTS, AND SUPERSEDES ALL PRIOR WRITTEN AND ORAL PROPOSALS, REPRESENTATIONS OR ARRANGEMENTS WHICH MIGHT EXIST BETWEEN YOU AND TYPE TODAY IN REGARD TO ITS SUBJECT.

1. **Terms and Definitions**
  1. In this Agreement, the terms "Font", "Fonts" at the same time mean, depending on the context, ordered system of stylistic and compositional shapes of letters, symbols and signs of a certain size and pattern embodied in digital or other objective form allowing playback with a computer and other electronic devices.
  1. "You", "your" (or other derivatives of expression) and "End user" means a buyer who purchased the license to use the Fonts. The End user is not a distributor, agent, reseller, dealer, manufacturer of complete sets of equipment, or any other wholesaler.
  1. "Permitted electronic device" means any electronic device, besides the one being used as a server, providing playback of Fonts, including: desktop PC, laptop, smartphone, etc.
1. **License**
  1. **Grant of License.** Type Today hereby grants you, and you accept, a limited, simple (non-exclusive) license, without the right to transfer, in whole or in part, under the terms of sub-license or assignment to third parties, to be used without restrictions in the territory of Fonts on Permitted electronic device, exclusively in machine-readable form in object code form and in the manner permitted by this Agreement (hereinafter - the "License"). For the purposes of this Agreement, "Font" includes any updates, enhancements, functional modifications, new versions or additions to the Font available to users on the website of Type Today on the Internet. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Type Today does not assume any obligation to provide any updates, functional enhancements, modifications, revisions, or additions to the Font.
  1. **Permitted use.** You may install and use the Fonts on a certain number of Permitted electronic devices, subject to the restrictions imposed by the Additional Terms; while any use of the Fonts in a breach of any of these restrictions or any other provisions of this Agreement and the breach is not allowed by the License. For the purposes of this Agreement, "use" means downloading the Fonts to a temporary or permanent memory of a Permitted electronic device. Any other use of the Font, besides the one expressly allowed by this License, requires additonal license (contact with us via help@type.today). Type Today reserves the right to review your compliance with the License.
  1. **Amount of views.** You are entitled to use the Font on the websites, registered to you as a natural person or legal entity, as also on your pages of public websites of websites of Internet service providers. You must specify domain names of such websites when buying the License on https://type.today.
  1. **Limitations of using the Font.** You have the right to use the Font for the website only with @font-face tool. CSS and web pages shall contain Font copyright information as provided with HTML/CSS sample, supplied with the Font. The right to use the Font with other technologies, in particular, sIFR, Cufon or Typeface.js requires additional license (contact us via help@type.today). You are restricted to use the Font in interactive web applications, which allow users to type or edit texts with the Font. Such use requires additional license (contact us via help@type.today).
  1. **Extended rights.** If you want to acquire additional rights to use the Fonts besides the ones provided by the License, contact us via help@type.today.
  1. **Copies and modification.** You have the right to create only one copy of the Font exclusively for the purpose of reservation or archivation. Except for the cases specifically provided and only in such volume, allowed by the applicable law, you have no right to provide engineering analysis, decompailation, changing and accessing source code of the Font, disassemble or transform the Font in any other manner, or assign a third party to provide such actions. You have no right to modify or adapt the Font.
  1. **Transfer of the Fonts to third parties.** You may not sublicense, rent, lease, sell, or temporarily transfer your rights in relation to Fonts. You may not post copies of the Font in the information and telecommunications networks neither as an independent product nor as apart of software or or document, so that they are available for downloading or other use by third parties, regardless of commercial or non-commercial nature. It is restricted to use the Font for arrangement of website of another natural person or legal entity, even the Font is located at your server. It is retricted to use the Font for pages of your website, available for lease to a third company or person. Such right requires additional license. You undertake to provide proper protection of unauthorized access and copying the Font by third parties. Type Today is entitled to assignment of rights and obligations under this Agreement without any restrictions. Any assignment in violation of the above conditions will be considered null and void.
  1. **Support and technical support services; updated versions.** Type Today does not provide any support services or technical support under this Agreement. You acknowledge that Type Today does not have any express or implied obligation to declare or to provide any updates, functional enhancements, modifications, revisions, or additions to the Font, and that this Agreement does not grant you any rights in respect of all of the above. In case if you face difficulties with installation of the Font to you Permitted device, Type Today will request the copyright owner and will take reasonable measures to provide the Font in a format, which provides proper functioning of the Font.
  1. **Embedding Fonts.** Embedding of Fonts into web pages and / or digital documentsб intended for transfer to third parties (i.e. EPS or PDF documents) is allowed only in "read-only" protected mode, and can't be modified. It is restricted to use such documents for commercial distribution as digital books, magazines or templates of commercial publications – such use requires additional license. You agree not to change the built-in Fonts and bypass the restrictions that prevent extraction of Fonts. You may not embed Fonts in the games, applications, software, devices for gaming, e-book, navigation devices and other devices in which the Font is displayed on the control screen.
1. **Intellectual property rights and ownership**
  Except for the License, this Agreement does not grant you any rights of ownership or other rights in relation to Fonts. All rights not expressly granted to You under this License, belong to Type Today or the respective owner of the exclusive rights to the Fonts.
1. **Consent to Use of Data**
  You agree that Type Today has the right to collect and use your technical data and related information, including but not limited to technical information about your device, system and application software, and peripherals, which is gathered periodically to order to facilitate the provision of software updates, product support and other services (if any) associated with the Font. Type Today can use this information, provided that such use is made in a form that does not identify you personally in order to operate, the provision, improvement and development of the Fonts in order to prevent or investigate the facts of illegal or improper use of the Fonts. If in order to achieve the above objective Type Today will obtain any data that is in accordance with the definition set forth in the applicable law of your jurisdiction is your personal data, you hereby consent to the provision Type Today rights to collect, record, organize, accumulate, storage, clarify, extract, use, transfer (including cross-border transfer), access, depersonalize, block, delete of your personal data collected by Type Today.
1. **Warranties and limitations**
  **LICENCES IN RESPECT OF THE FONTS ARE PROVIDED «AS IS», AND TYPE TODAY REJECTS ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. TYPE TODAY DOES NOT WARRANT UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE FONT OR ABSENSE OF DEFECTS. TYPE TODAY IN NO EVENT SHALL BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY (IN CONTRACT, TORT, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, OR ANY OTHER REASONS) FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR INDIRECT DAMAGES, INCLUDING FAILURE TO OBTAIN PROFITS OR SAVINGS OR BREAK IN THE PRODUCTION OF THE USE OF FONT, EVEN IF TYPE TODAY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.**
1. **Applicable law**
  You acknowledge that this Agreement shall be governed by Russian law to the extent that it relates to contracts entered into and performed entirely in the territory of Russia, without regard to conflicts of law rules. You also agree that the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods shall not apply to this Agreement.
1. **Entry into force and effect**
  This Agreement shall enter into force from the date of your acceptance of its terms and conditions (including through the use of the button "I ACCEPT THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT» («I ACCEPT») or other similar button) or after you download, install, access and start using the Fonts, even if the terms of this Agreement shall not have been accepted by you, provided that you paid due remuneration to Type Today. This Agreement shall be valid for the duration of the exclusive rights to the Fonts. Type Today may terminate this Agreement without notice in case of infringement and / or failure to comply with any term or provision of the License. In this case, you must destroy all copies of the Font you have, including backup.
1. **Autonomy provisions of the Agreement**
  If any term or provision of this Agreement is found void or unenforceable by any court or administrative body, such recognition does not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining provision of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. In the maximum extent that is possible under the law, in this Agreement shall be construed and enforcement so as to carry out the original purpose of the Agreement, and, if such an interpretation and execution is impossible according to the law, such provision shall be deemed excluded from this Agreement.
1. **Titles**
  Titles of articles and items contained in this Agreement are included for information only and do not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement..
1. **Changes**
  Type Today retains the right to make changes in the future version of this Agreement at any time without prior notice.
